Clarify fork upgrade conditions for Altair (#2404)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/altair/fork.md

### Upgrading the state

If `state.slot % SLOTS_PER_EPOCH == 0` and `compute_epoch_at_slot(state.slot) == ALTAIR_FORK_EPOCH`, an irregular state change is made to upgrade to Altair.

The upgrade occurs after the inner loop of `process_slots` that sets `state.slot` equal to `ALTAIR_FORK_EPOCH * SLOTS_PER_EPOCH` finishes.
Care must be taken when transitioning through the fork boundary as implementations will need a modified state transition function that deviates from the Phase 0 spec.

> In particular, the `state_transition` function defined in the Phase 0 spec will not expose the correct time to execute the upgrade in the presence of skipped slots at the fork boundary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, the outer `state_transition` function defined in the Phase 0 spec will not expose the precise fork slot to execute the upgrade in the presence of skipped slots at the fork boundary. Instead the logic must be within `process_slots`.
```
